# CS-305
Software Security

In this course, we had a client, Artemis Financial. They sought imporved security functionality for their site, and wanted us to give recommendations and implement them in order to offer them a stable, modern, and safe solution for their customers. AS a financial services firm, it was vital that we protected their client's valuable information and assets and in a manner that conformed to federal and industry best bractices and requirements. I got to know the dependenct report pretty well, and it served as a fantastic first step in finding and addressing security vulnerabilities. Code security is vital to us as programmers and the companies we build for. There are threats everywhere, and even a simple mistake can end up being quite costly. Software security failures can impact a company's financials and reputation. No one wants to do business with a company that that can't protect the data they are entrusted with. Failure to do so can impact the company in question, and ultimately it can bankrupt a company if handled too poorly. It's important that we as developers take the time and effort to code to the highest security measures feasible for each project.

I struggled a bit figuring out the checksum validation process, and it was a bit of a learning experience figuring out the code needed to get it working properly. Still, it was very satisfying when I finally sorted that all out. While there is such thing as too much security, I think that more is still always better. From updating dependencies, to ensuring accurate certificates, to adding in proper hashing algorithms and encryption, these layers are all fairly simple but add a lot fo security to a site or app. Utilizing something like Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram does wonders for breaking a project down into steps to check and build with, as far as security is concerned, and I think I would continue to utilize something like that in future endeavours. 

Proper static and dynamic testing helped me to ensure that the code was running properly. Checksum verifications and the like are great feedbacks as well for how things are running. Ensuring that these sorts of tests and checks are run each time the code is changed is vital to ensuring that code has remained vulnerability free and that I hadn't created any new breachable btis of code. I definitely want to remember what I learned about certificate generation. There were also some dependency databases I found that were a huge help. The dependency checker is a great tool to keep in my toolbox as well. Keeping these in mind as I continue my career will be vital. I think more than anything, this work shows that I have a fundamental understanding of the aspects of a secure application. An employer looking over this coursework should see that I can develop with a security first mentality. 
